<h1 align="center">Programming 2 Portfolio || 2020 - 2021</h1>
<h2 align="center">By Ethan Bowles</h2>

___
___
<h2 align="center">Launchpad</h2>

#### Launchpad is a simulation of a music sound pad that DJs and producers use. My group and I created this app using java swing, implementing many features from JButtons to ArrayLists to store looping audios. It is fully functional with up to 25 .WAV files which the user can select and also includes loop and stop buttons to create some amazing mixes. The user is also allowed to import their sounds into the "soundFiles" file. 

___
<h2 align="center">Crypto-Miner</h2>

#### Crypto-Miner is an idle game that simulates mining crypto-currency. The game was inspired by games like Adventure Capitalist and other idle games. As a user, you will buy better and faster mining machines to mine more crypto-currencies. The game tracks the actual prices of crypto-currencies adding a further challenge to the user on when to sell. The goal of the user is to make as much money as possible. 

___
<h2 align="center">Learning Menu</h2>

#### Learning Menu is an application I developed in C# to compete in my State TSA Software Development competition. It is an application to be used by teachers and students in classrooms. It allows teachers to create courses or assignments for students to select themselves. This gives students and teachers more freedom in creating and choosing their assignments. Students can create selections of courses/assignments. Furthermore, students and teachers have different accounts allowing different access to certain people. For example, students aren't allowed to make courses and edit accounts. 

___
<h2 align="center">Cannonball Trajectory</h2>

#### Cannonball Trajectory is an app that allows the user to enter values and see the trajectory of a cannonball shot. This app can be used by students to help visualize projectile motion and calculate the missing values associated with the problem.

___
<h2 align="center">Lottery Game</h2>

#### The Lottery Game is a game I designed using java swing. It was one of the first major projects I did all year. The player will select 5 number buttons from an assortment of 125 buttons(1 from each row). The user's buttons are then compared to 5 randomly selected buttons generated by the computer. If any of the user selections are the same as the buttons below the player will a sum of money. The more numbers correct the more money the player wins. Each time the user plays the user loses money to get the ticket. The goal of the game/simulation is to win as much money as possible.
___
